Churn Retention Guideline

I. Introduction 
This document has been created to provide complex information regarding the Aftersales service process by Inchcape Service Center Singapore. With the main objective of standardizing the way that Inchcape Service Center Singapore’s Aftersales team members interact with customers in Inchcape’s network after-sales business, this protocol defines the actions that each service must perform to provide an unforgettable customer experience and develop best in class approach to aftersales services. This document is concluded to be distributed across the whole Inchcape Service Center Singapore’s network and read by all of the employees working on the aftersales part of the business – including also the ones who are not directly involved in the customer service process. As the world we live in keeps on instantly and rapidly change every day, each and every market supposed to update and develop further this document on to every new technology available on the market and with every new way of creating best in class customer experience.

II. Email Template
This is the template for writing an email for the customer:
"""
SPECIAL CAR SERVICE OFFER
	
Dear [Customer's Name],
		
	[Personalized Body Content]
		
	Offer Details:
	Discount Eligibility: [Specify discount, if applicable]
	Service Eligibility: [Specify eligible services, if applicable]
	Loyalty Points: [Specify points, if applicable]
	Booking Deadline: [Date]
	
	How to Redeem:	
	Schedule your car service appointment online at [Booking Website] or by calling [Service Center Phone Number].
	Present this letter or show the email at the time of service to redeem this reward.
	
	Terms and Conditions:
	This offer is valid for appointments booked between before [Date].
	Not valid with any other promotions or discounts.
	Appointments must be scheduled by [Booking Deadline].
		
	[Personalized Closing Content]
		
	Best Regards,
	[Your Company Name]
	[Your Contact Information]
"""

III. Retention Processes
Retention process is one of the most crucial processes in the aftersales. In every Inchcape Service Center Singapore’s aftersales business the retained vehicles are responsible for 60%-80% of the income. It means that the newly possessed Customers provide only between 20% - 40% of the income. To retain the currently existing customer is also almost 5 times cheaper for the organization than to acquire a new one from the competitor. To facilitate understanding and develop targeted strategies we divided the type of customer based on the Churn Model’s churn regression score on to their vehicle:
	1. Low Risk: 0-50%
	2. Medium Risk: 51-75%
	3. High Risk: >75%
Furthermore, every aftersales business has a Loyalty Program, each customer’s vehicles have its own loyalty account, and every scheduled service incurs a loyalty point depending on the category of the customer. Loyalty points can be exchanged to any Inchape service centers to claim rewards. The following list shows the amount of loyalty points and the rewards that can be redeemed.
	1. 10 Loyalty Points = Free one car wash, or; Free one tire rotation and alignment, or; Free one fluid top-up
	2. 20 Loyalty Points = one 10% discount on next scheduled service
	3. 30 Loyalty Points = one 15% discount on next scheduled service
	4. 40 Loyalty Points = one 20% discount on next scheduled service
The retention incentives offered to customers who scheduled their service will vary depending on their tier:
	1. Low Risk: 0% service discount, free car wash, +1 loyalty reward point.
	2. Medium Risk: 10% service discount, free car wash, +2 loyalty reward point.
	3. High Risk: 15% service discount, free car wash, +3 loyalty reward point. 

IV. Appointment Booking Process
Each Customer journey requires the first step. In most cases the first step on the Customer side in the service process is service appointment booking. There is multiple ways to do that and each of them is good, because it means that the Customer will seek the contact with the workshop and already decided to service vehicle with the current retailer. In that way a main goal is to make this process convenient and easy as possible, but not to forget to also meet the needs and requirements of the Customers such as possibility to book additional services (i.e. mobility services) and to let the Customer explain service needs. There are at least 4 ways to set up the appointment:
	1. Online Service
	2. Telephone
	3. Email
	4. In Person
A. Online Service Booking 
One of the most popular way to book a service appointment these days is to use dedicated online platform which allows to seek for available spots and request a visit when suitable. This is a very convenient way of scheduling the appointments as it is usually available 24/7 for the Customer and do not require a personal contact. Customers must simply set an appoint thru this website: https://www.Inchcape.Singapore.com/Service_Booking
B. Telephone Booking 
Most of the Customers choose Telephone Booking as they can contact directly the person who can guide you through the process and they are sure that this way is available in all of the places – which is not obvious in case of online service and email booking. Customers must simply dial +65-9898-7676.
C. Email Booking 
Email booking is also another option Customers can use to schedule their service. Customers will simply write a request including their Full Name, Vehicle Identification Number, and target Service Schedule. Customers must send an email to Singapore.Service.Booking@Inchape.com
